add user account guidelines (#508)
google/exposure-notifications-verification-server: docs/realm_guide.md

If you are not a realm administrator, you will not have access to these screens.

## Access protection recommendations

### Account protection

We provide a base level of account protection measures that we urge you to share with your case workers that are issuing verification codes.

> * All user accounts must vertify ownership of their email address before using the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All user accounts must verify ownership of their email address before using the system.
```

* Two factor authentication (2FA) is available, we strongly suggest you require your users to enroll in 2FA
  using a mobile device under their sole control.
* Users should not share logins to the verification system.

> * Users should only issue codes to people that have a verified COVID-19 diagnosis with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Users should only issue codes to people who have a verified COVID-19 diagnosis.
```

> Realm administrators should monitor the number of codes issued and take corrective acction if needed (suspend a user's access to issue codes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Realm administrators should monitor the number of codes issued and take corrective action if needed (suspend a user's access to issue codes)
```
